Class-201/class-09.md, before:

# HTML Forms 

## Your First Web Form. How to Structure a Web Form

- Forms are really important in web developement because they are very common ways of collecting user data or allowing them to control an interface, as described by MDN web docs.

- When designing a form, some key things to keep in mind regarding user experience are to keep your form small and simple. Only ask for the most necessry info. People are busy and have short attention spans. Review best practices for a refresher, if needed.

Five form elements and their importance are:

    *   <form> - all forms start with this element. It defines a form.
    *   <label> - corresponds to a text area field on the form.
    *   <input> - the data being submitted by the user. The type attribute defines the way the input element looks and acts (very important).
    *   <textarea> - area is filled with text and affects the way you define the default value
    *   <button> - allows the user to submit or send their info/data. A radio button is a common type.

# Learn JS

## Introdution to Events

- I would describe events as an action that sets off a chain reaction.

- When using the addEventListener() method, you'll need to provide 2 arguments, which are the name of the event we want to associate this hadler with, and the code that makes up the handler function when a response is requested.

- The event object is sometimes found in an event handler function, and it's a parameter which is automatically passed to event handlers to provide extra info and featues, per MDN web docs. The target within the event object is useful because it's a reference to the element the event occurred upon.

- Event bubbling and capture both target events targeted at nested elementss, but bubbling concerns events that have bubbled up from the innermost element that the user clicked.

## Things I Want to Know More About

- git education
- Vim commands 
- Bash and ZSH

Commit message:

added opening statement to pg 9

Class-201/class-09.md, after:

# Operning Statement

HTML forms are everywhere on the web and allow a user to interact with a webpage by submitting data or controlling an interface. Forms are used across all industries and for many, many applications. Knowing what forms are, how to create them, and how they work is all essential knowledge to have as a web deverloper. 



# HTML Forms 

## Your First Web Form. How to Structure a Web Form

- Forms are really important in web developement because they are very common ways of collecting user data or allowing them to control an interface, as described by MDN web docs.

- When designing a form, some key things to keep in mind regarding user experience are to keep your form small and simple. Only ask for the most necessry info. People are busy and have short attention spans. Review best practices for a refresher, if needed.

Five form elements and their importance are:

    *   <form> - all forms start with this element. It defines a form.
    *   <label> - corresponds to a text area field on the form.
    *   <input> - the data being submitted by the user. The type attribute defines the way the input element looks and acts (very important).
    *   <textarea> - area is filled with text and affects the way you define the default value
    *   <button> - allows the user to submit or send their info/data. A radio button is a common type.

# Learn JS

## Introdution to Events

- I would describe events as an action that sets off a chain reaction.

- When using the addEventListener() method, you'll need to provide 2 arguments, which are the name of the event we want to associate this hadler with, and the code that makes up the handler function when a response is requested.

- The event object is sometimes found in an event handler function, and it's a parameter which is automatically passed to event handlers to provide extra info and featues, per MDN web docs. The target within the event object is useful because it's a reference to the element the event occurred upon.

- Event bubbling and capture both target events targeted at nested elementss, but bubbling concerns events that have bubbled up from the innermost element that the user clicked.

## Things I Want to Know More About

- git education
- Vim commands 
- Bash and ZSH
